capital = 622

oob = "PRC_1936"
set_country_flag = started_out_as_landlocked
# Starting tech
set_technology = {

	# Extended Technologies
	etax_doctrine = 1
	camo = 1
	transport_plane1 = 1	
	r56_militia_tech = 1
	
	infantry_weapons = 1
	mass_assault = 1
}
set_stability = 0.6
set_war_support = 0.7

save_global_event_target_as = WTT_communist_china

add_timed_idea = {
	days = 300
	idea = PRC_devastating_long_march
}

set_cosmetic_tag = GCDguerilla

1939.1.1 = {
	drop_cosmetic_tag = yes
	set_cosmetic_tag = GCDsgn

	add_political_power = 1198
	oob = "PRC_1939"

	#generic focuses
	complete_national_focus = PRC_recover_from_the_long_march
	complete_national_focus = PRC_anti_japanese_aim
	complete_national_focus = PRC_boost_the_morale
	unlock_national_focus = PRC_purge_dissident_element
	unlock_national_focus = PRC_the_grand_northwest_united_proposal
	complete_national_focus = PRC_west_expedition
	complete_national_focus = PRC_prepare_for_war
	complete_national_focus = PRC_political_mobilisation
	complete_national_focus = PRC_the_united_front
	complete_national_focus = PRC_the_goal_of_our_war

	# Chinese Popular Front effects
	add_to_war = {
		targeted_alliance = CHI
		enemy = JAP
	}
	set_country_flag = PRC_joined_CHI_against_JAP
	remove_opinion_modifier = { target = CHI modifier = hostile_status }

	add_ideas = {
		closed_economy
		political_mobilisation_idea
		PRC_defeatism_2
		PRC_underestimation
		PRC_guerilla_warfare
		PRC_lack_skilled_personnel
		incompetent_industry_fake
		incompetent_industry_fake_navy
		KMT_united_front
	}
	
	
	set_technology = {

		# Extended Technologies
		etax_doctrine = 1
		camo = 1
		militia = 1
		
		tech_mountaineers = 1
		pocket_defence = 1
		defence_in_depth = 1

		#electronics

		#industry
	}
	CHI = {
		create_corps_commander = {
		id = 1007
		name = "Yan Xishan"
		portrait_path = "gfx/leaders/Asia/Portrait_Asia_Generic_warlord2.dds"
		traits = { desert_fox trait_mountaineer }
		skill = 2
		}
	}
	remove_ideas = PRC_devastating_long_march_1
}

set_politics = {
	ruling_party = communism
	last_election = "1936.1.1"
	election_frequency = 48
	elections_allowed = no
}
set_popularities = {
	communism = 100
}

add_ideas = {
	closed_economy
	propaganda_recruits
	PRC_defeatism_1
	PRC_underestimation
	PRC_guerilla_warfare
	PRC_lack_skilled_personnel
	incompetent_industry_fake
	incompetent_industry_fake_navy
}

add_opinion_modifier = { target = CHI modifier = hostile_status }

recruit_character = PRC_military_committee_of_prc
recruit_character = PRC_mao_zedong
recruit_character = PRC_zhu_de
recruit_character = PRC_chen_yi
recruit_character = PRC_peng_dehuai
recruit_character = PRC_lin_biao
recruit_character = PRC_he_long
recruit_character = PRC_luo_rong_huan
recruit_character = PRC_kwong_hu
recruit_character = PRC_luo_zhao
recruit_character = PRC_liang_ma
recruit_character = PRC_ma_jin
recruit_character = PRC_ziao_jingguang
recruit_character = PRC_nie_rongzhen
recruit_character = PRC_su_yu
recruit_character = PRC_liu_bocheng
recruit_character = PRC_chen_geng
recruit_character = PRC_gao_qiu
recruit_character = PRC_liang_shen
recruit_character = PRC_otto_braun
recruit_character = PRC_gao_gang
recruit_character = PRC_fang_zeyi
recruit_character = PRC_xu_xiangqian
recruit_character = PRC_deng_ye_peng
recruit_character = PRC_ye_jianying
recruit_character = PRC_hsia_tian
recruit_character = PRC_zhang_wei
recruit_character = PRC_zhou_enlai
recruit_character = PRC_liu_shaoqi
recruit_character = PRC_lin_bojiu
recruit_character = PRC_dong_biwu
recruit_character = PRC_he_yuandang

if = {
	limit = {
		has_dlc = "La Resistance"
	}
	create_operative_leader = {
		name = "Chen Gang"
		GFX = GFX_r56_portrait_asia_generic_operative_m_4
		traits = { operative_natural_orator }
		bypass_recruitment = no
		available_to_spy_master = yes
		nationalities = { PRC }
	}	
}

set_research_slots = 3
